feat(form-pill-group): update designs and add error variant (#2526)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/form-pill-group/index.mdx

---
title: Form Pill Group
package: '@twilio-paste/form-pill-group'

> description: A Form Pill Group is an editable set of Pills that represent a collection of selectable or removable objects.

Reviewer: issue: same thing as in display pill group- preview of the site doesn't reflect this change.

  </AspectRatio>
</Box>

#### Form Pill vs. Display Pill

Form Pill Group creates a list from which a user may select items, whereas a Display Pill Group creates a list of static items.

Use the table below to get a better understanding of when to use Form Pill or Display Pill.

<FormPillVsDisplayPillTable />

## Examples

### Basic

This Form Pill example shows the basic static component that's exported by Paste. A Form Pill can have an optional Avatar or Icon placed before the text.

> Interaction states on Form Pills need to be managed separately as shown in the examples after this one by using the `useFormPillState` hook. The returned state should be spread onto each component. This will provide you with some internal state management and keyboard navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interaction states on Form Pills need to be managed separately as shown in the following examples by using the `useFormPillState` hook. The returned state should be spread onto each component. This will provide you with some internal state management and keyboard navigation.
```

Suggestion(non-blocking): using "the examples after this one" made me think that this example wouldn't use it, but it does
